# dujeva the island

##### overview 
  a strange girl who watches the world around finds her imgaination and perspective create reality itself
upon her understanding of this her body is destoryed by [umi the tyrannt]. rather then dying the girl binds her soul 
with the land which birthed her thus making her like umi, quasi-immortal. her ablities matured in this state that splits 
the world into many differ layers, some of those layers are explained by the 19 parallels, the others will be detailed in
this document.

  ##### the character
      ok so first lets talk amomunt to talk about a file that is quite large given the nature of the imaginators much of what im am 
      a bout to say isnt going to be clear much of that can be cleared in qna but i am writing this what that in mind.
      so first when we talk about myself (the physical person writing this doc) dujeva m-j flowers am just the vechile 
      at which this idea moves at a snails pace to materialize have a lot of fun using this world as a playground to express 
      a lot of internel things, so ive split within the story causing maybe fun meta-narrative conflicts which breed their own 
      fun. so who the fuck is aⓐⒶ13 (aaa13), aaa13 was a childish rationization and coping mechanism which holds everything 
      to an impossible standard including themselves, a dialectic can be drawn between aⓐⒶ13 and dujeva the island, in a shorta 
      anti-oedipal inspired way that is the dynamic for which these two character concepts interact. note: i will not be going into 
      how cnvs, clara, kifo and sen play into this dynamic but i will clarify how they relate to the body which aⓐⒶ13 wrongly has 
      taken from dujeva. 
      
      the body of the repressed
      dujeva the island (stylized m-j from those not influence by doas, listening to here whispers, *echoes*) and aⓐⒶ13 
      have such a tumulutous relationship is based on m-j's assertions that aⓐⒶ13 by writing a world where her body is destoryed
      in an off screen event that is only whispered, where

# geology, ecology, and the supernatural

##### the desert
  as a result of project knife's rampent industrialization is the desaturation of the lands hues, leaving all that is connected
down the path of exploitation and destruction.

   *i never imagined a day where i'd fear clouds
   but after youre choked by apathetic winds you breathe with coution*
   
each tower in knife represents a different aspect of the self one loses
when there hope is misaligned with their soul due to tower dujeva's hue culture 

##### 

##### the 19 parallels
      1 - Infinite scale | as you know zooming in on factual videos
      yields more complex structures so does the effect weigh on a human's all along the edges of the island 
      function as lines in the sand because [all things exist if not on the bulb then it's coast] 
      once you're out shits fucked.
      
      2 - If believed it is | a collective unconscious of the islands inhabitants control 
      and alter the structure of the island. this also results in the step-phenomena: 
      where users can teleport through imagining their position changing along the panel. 
      along with the god-mode syndrome: where users can become empowered with the island 
      spirit's power as long as a majority of inhabitants have divined them through some act of worship.
      
      * 3 - All above one | the one that interacts with the medium last has the most 
      control over the events on the islands eg reading the story changes it.
      
      4 - Time is an involved jester | all who use an of the 19 parallels are subject to being the punchline,
      meaning at the two points your time here will result in humor at your expense and to your benefit.
      
      * 5 - rebirth | story characters, artistic legends and people of historical importance are reborn 
      out of the island needs to their actions. ex population rises, need for housing the island will rebirth 
      an architect and they will reinvent what they've already completed at an accelerated rate. 
      
      6 - Unawareness priority | a raw attempt or an unsure action such as tripping (unconscious stepping) is 
      given global priority eq you wanna make FOO but BAR is also being generated and would be overwritten, as 
      long as the FOO is being generated by a person unaware of the imagination parallel then FOO supersedes BAR and is.
      
      7 - Everyone holds their marble | in regular circumstances a person both does and doesn't hold so much 
      access to their aura, the aura moves about eternally and internal at once in 1 form, you and you living, 
      sharpening and hardening your mind... here you simply hold it 
      
      * 8 - Koyaanisqatsi | spiritual imbalances are exacerbated leading to modulations in the aural plane such as speltz, aps, *'s, etc.
      
      9 - Gods connect | high level beings such as [[zelins]] are attracted to the island and can be 
      summoned once per run via a declaration. a zelin can be summoned once per loop, is fully autonomous 
      however they cannot interact with the island eg. parallels, physical attributes, time and the tree of all
      
      10 - Solaris' arc | the suns path declares focus for the day meaning the one who is bathed in Solaris' ray 
      is both foreground and background during the day portion of a chapter. ways in which this can manifest: starring 
      at Solaris (invokes Koyaanisqatsi), exposure, interacting with the sky-box, watching the sunrise++ sunset, time 
      spreads | note for section 1 : if a child (classified via only kids see ghosts) stands at katsurgi's points during
      time spread the focus will briefly be on them as the summoning of a fire, lava, heat and/or low-level plasma spirit(s)
      
      11 - Luna's consult | during the night the moon spirit will materialize dreams, depending on the phases of Luna 
      and it's relation with solaria will alter said manifestations see [[luna]] for more details.
      
      12 - Only kids see ghost | those who are young at heart meaning the ill's of man 
      haven't removed the connection between the soul and the aura have the ability to see 
      and interact with aps of vary levels, this is mostly based off lived in experience, 
      see [[aps]] for more
      
      13 - Young ones caught in egg shells | for all that lived here, and died here before 
      living 4444 days the island will gather there marble and their ghost if detached and 
      hold them in the shell, connected to a trapped obviously bootleg [[+y]] or [[+y-hall]] 
      
      * 14 - We who listen are omniglots | 
      
      * 15 - what do you wear atop you skull, on halos and horns |
      
      * 16 - tickers | once a month, a wave of events will take place, due to the nature of 
      overlapping events the island's focus spans across many places, to keep track the one 
      above all has placed timers onto the page
      
      * 17 - | 
      
      18 - Brot behelit | the ones that knows themselves and stands by their marble will be 
      empowered by the island, gifting them regeneration, visions and a invitation from the island spirit. 
      
      19 - Everyone dreams in the same room | nightmares are replaced by a shifting memory of 
      the island's life, all previous rules apply. your sleep cycles still apply so you can and 
      will fall in and out of dreams. day dreams apply, stories read and told orally also apply. 
          note: those with a-fantasia will physically be brought into the dream world, death in dreams 
      results in waking up however, if the subject find themselves in a nightmare death results in death

# lore

